HOW DOES IT WORK?
STEP 1: Fill out the application form.
STEP 2: Get on a personal call with me to have all your queries solved, establish
accountability and help me better understand your goals and requirements.
STEP 3: Make the payment.
STEP 4: Await as a fully customized and sustainable plan is prepared for you within
2-7 days of the payment being made.
STEP 5: Let’s work together to transform your mind, body and health for the better.
* INSERT START YOUR JOUNEY TAB*
(Follow a similar look as ‘superhumanproject.in’ with my ‘RM FITNESS’ logo at the
top end. I have provided a screenshot attachment for reference)

WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT?
PERSONALIZED NURITION: A diet plan in accordance with your goals and daily
lifestyle habits. The plan will be sustainable and reviewed on a consistent basis with
changes being made depending upon progress. Get to enjoy all the foods you love and
do not be a slave to your diet!
CUSTOMISED TRAINING PLAN: Workout programs not only customized to your
goals and requirements, but also in accordance with improving all aspects of fitness.
Constant tracking to monitor progress and exercise programs that you enjoy in order
follow utmost consistency which leads to optimal results.
COMMUNICATION: A daily communication window via Whatsapp/email to
monitor progress, review check ins, and solve doubts/queries, if any. The objective of
the plan is to not only ensure best results but also impart knowledge on health, fitness
and nutrition to be self sufficient in the long term.
PRIVATE ACCESS TO RM RECIPE BOOK: Multiple recipes of your favourite
foods modified towards a healthier version in accordance with your goals while
ensuring optimal taste. With a complete list of ingredients and instructions on how to
cook, now achieve your fitness goals while making sure the taste buds remain
satisfied.
PRIVATE ACCESS TO EXERCISE VIDEOS AND INSTRUCTIONAL
TUTORIALS: Enjoy unlimited access to a wide range of exercise videos, taking you
through the form, do’s and dont’s of specific workouts. It’s like having your own
virtual personal trainer!

* INSERT START YOUR JOUNEY TAB*
(Follow a similar look as ‘superhumanproject.in’. Attach icons to each topic. I have
provided a screenshot attachment for reference. I have also provided attachments of
icons)